you ice last month you made a huge stir
with this interview how I became TVs 20
million dollar woman I mean this was I
read this immediately upon seeing it and
I think everybody was talking about this
because it's rare that an actor will
admit you know discuss their salary for
sure and you know there's a couple of
things I mean I'm really grateful for it
first of all for a couple of reasons
I'll say that you know I have quite a
big mouth and I'm honest to a fault
which in print can get you in trouble
sometimes right now when things are sort
of printed it's it's not in the same
text the same way you set it and I've
gotten myself in trouble in paths in the
past things I've said so I'm grateful
that it was taken in the right way you
know that no sort of I was I was he said
it and then there's a few days between
saying it and then it being printed and
you're like oh no what did I say a
hundred times
what's my publicist like are you sure it
was okay well they weren't in the room
when I did the interview oh just like
calling me they don't know yeah yeah so
so I'm grateful that it was received in
the way in which I intended it to be
which was as an empowering story for
women and to also you know be very
honest about my faults and my
shortcomings and because I think that
there's a lot of blame especially right
now people are blaming people and
there's a lot of finger-pointing but
there's less people owning up to their
side of things and I wanted to sort of
do a truthful interview and talk about
my my road to my own empowerment and how
I got there but also mistakes that I've
made along the way so I think that was
all reflected well and I have to say
Jimmy you know the the number of women
that have come up to me since this has
come out has been very moving to me in
person and say yeah I'm glad you said
what you said yep today someone very
close to me and very special to me said
that that article was really impactful
for me and moved me and helped me find
my own power
because as women you know it's it's not
only about what's done to us or what's
not given to us it's what don't we ask
for you know how much of it is isn't
given to us or is it that we don't ask
and I think that as much as we can point
the finger at other people and say you
don't give us or you don't treat us
fairly we also have to point the finger
at ourselves and say did we ask did we
step up and have the gumption to ask for
what a man would we have to own our part
of it and sometimes we're too shy we're
too afraid to be seen as difficult to
really speak our mind so so I'm grateful
for for all of it I think it's an actor
also there is a certain amount of
insecurity that goes along with being
doing this for a living that maybe you
you feel like oh I shouldn't be I mean
because obviously whatever you make is a
lot of money I mean and you compare it
to people you grew up with and people
you know and then you go this is obscene
really but then you realize oh but the
company I work for is making this amount
of money and my fellow actors are making
this amount of money and I should make
this amount of money and did you do that
for yourself or did you or was it in
cooperation with your agent or really
was that a personal decision it was
really between Shonda and I uh-huh and
you know the decision to keep the show
going or not because she moved to
Netflix right and so did I want to be
involved in the show if she wasn't there
and what did her move to Netflix mean
you know how present would she be or
wouldn't she be right so there was a lot
of conversations I have an amazing I
have two amazing lawyers but one of them
is a woman and what's the other one
he's a gay
[Laughter]
[Applause]
you know I just I'm very lucky I have a
wonderful team of people I really
support Lee you've got twenty million
dollars let's just kiss the ring for a
minute I know you'll agree with me not
wearing one that I think I am not this
ring I think Bob Iger runs an amazing
company and I think it all comes from
the top down and I think that man is a
class act and runs this company in a way
that is just I'm really impressed by
everything he does and I think the whole
it's it's reflective from the top down
it's just part of getting the 20 million
dollars that you have to say and it's
all sets an example for you know I have
to be nice to my kids I guess cuz people
are nice to me give them 20 good good
for Bob where's your son I am very happy
for you I mean this show is unbelievable
diesels have come and gone
[Music]
[Applause]
JDC if you liked that video click
Subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies